What do the following pokedex and Google Chrome plugin have in common? 

You probably guessed it, they are both fully generated by AI.

And now, you can do the same using just plain language.

Introducing Smol-Dev-JS, a command-line interface tool that allows you to generate fully-functional applications without writing any code. 

Simply install it via NPM. Run the setup command within an existing JS project, and follow the instructions as prompted. 

You can choose to use anthropic or OpenAI and their API key, which correspond to the Claude or GPT4 model accordingly.

It's highly recommended that you use the Claude model if you have access to it, as it is faster than GPT4, and its larger context size generally gets us better result.

For a new small projects, simply describe your application with a README.md file in the spec folder. If you want to provide additional instructions to the AI, that do not naturally fit into the specs use a NOTES.md file.

For larger projects, you also have the option to include file-specific readmes

With both Smol-Dev-JS, and your spec set up, use the code2spec command to generate code markdown files. 

Review it for issues and bugs. And if necessary, update the spec and regenerate the code. 

Alternatively, you can switch over to prompt mode to tell the AI what changes you want it to make in smaller, incremental ways. 

Looping until you're satisfied with the code.

Smol-Dev-JS works for existing projects too. Set up the same as before, and use the prompt mode to describe small incremental changes. 

For better results try to, generate a draft specification via the code2spec command as this will guide the AI better.

What does this mean for you? With Smol-Dev-JS, you can offload the boring tasks of researching library APIs and writing code manually to an AI that you can use across multiple projects. It's like having a junior dev to handle the grunt work so that you can focus on the bigger picture.

Don't know how to do a CSS animation? Ask the AI to do a prototype. Not familiar with Vue.js but want to migrate an Angular site over? Ask the AI to give it a try.

Due to its limited scope, you maintain full control throughout the process. You can always revert any changes via Git to take over after Smol-Dev-JS helps you get started.

So why not give it a try? Offload those boring CRUD coding tasks and give yourself more time to focus on what matters.