What does the following pokedex, and google chrome plugin have in common?

You probably guessed it, they are fully generated by AI.

And you can start doing the same, using just plain language.

Introducing Smol-Dev-JS, a CLI tool which allows you to generate fully functional application, using prompts you provide to it directly or via markdown files, without writing a line of code.

So, how do you get started?

Simply install it via NPM and follow the instructions as prompted. You can choose to either use anthropic or OpenAI and their API key, which would use the Claude or GPT4 model accordingly. 

If you have access to Claude, it's highly recommended that you use it because it's much faster than GPT4.

Once configured, for a new project, all you need to do is describe your application with a README.md file in the spec folder. 

For large projects, this would be the overall spec, and you can include file-specific readmes. Additionally, if you want to give the AI any additional instructions, you can use a NOTES.md file.

Once the setup is done, you can generate the code with the code2spec command. Which after its done, you can then review it for issues and bugs. 

If you find any issues, you can update the spec and regenerate the code. 

Alternatively, you can switch over to prompt mode, feed it the error message or tell the AI what changes you want it to make. In smaller incremental ways.

Allowing you to make changes as big or small as you'd like, looping until you're happy with the code.

Additionally, this works not just for new projects, but existing projects you may want to modify?

You can perform the same setup and use the same prompt mode to make small incremental changes. 

Alternatively, you can also generate a draft of the specification via the code2spec command, for better results, as it would be used as reference for the AI model via the prompting mode

So what does this all mean for you? 

With Smol-Dev-JS, you don't have to worry about the boring tasks of researching library API's and writing code manually. You can offload these to an AI that you can scale across multiple projects. It's like having a junior dev who can help you with the grunt work, so you can focus on the bigger picture.

Have no idea how do CSS animation? Ask the AI to do a prototype.

You do not know the api to Vue.js? But wants to migrate an angular site over. Ask the AI to give it a try.

Due to its limited scope, you maintain full control throughout the process,  and can always revert any changes via git. Allowing you to take over, after it helped you get started.

So why not give it a try? And start offloading all that boring CRUD coding tasks away.